docs(how-to-guides): add training docs for centerpoint (#471)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/how-to-guides/training-machine-learning-models/training-models.md

Detailed instructions for training the traffic light classifier model can be found **[here](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/blob/main/perception/traffic_light_classifier/README.md)**.

## Training CenterPoint 3D object detection model

The CenterPoint 3D object detection model within the Autoware has been trained using the **[autowarefoundation/mmdetection3d](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/mmdetection3d/blob/main/projects/AutowareCenterPoint/README.md)** repository.

To train custom CenterPoint models and convert them into ONNX format for deployment in Autoware, please refer to the instructions provided in the README file included with Autoware's
**[lidar_centerpoint](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware.universe/main/perception/lidar_centerpoint/)** package. These instructions will provide a step-by-step guide for training the CenterPoint model.

> In order to assist you with your training process, we have also included an example dataset in the TIER IV dataset format.
> This dataset contains 600 lidar frames and covers 5 classes, including 6905 cars, 3951 pedestrians, 75 cyclists, 162 buses, and 326 trucks.
> You can utilize this example dataset to facilitate your training efforts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to assist you with your training process, we have also included an example dataset in the TIER IV dataset format.

This dataset contains 600 lidar frames and covers 5 classes, including 6905 cars, 3951 pedestrians, 75 cyclists, 162 buses, and 326 trucks.

You can utilize this example dataset to facilitate your training efforts.
```

For readability.

Detailed instructions for training the traffic light classifier model can be found **[here](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/blob/main/perception/traffic_light_classifier/README.md)**.

## Training CenterPoint 3D object detection model

The CenterPoint 3D object detection model within the Autoware has been trained using the **[open-mmlab/mmdetection3d](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdetection3d)** repository. CenterPoint

> implementation of mmdetection3d uses 10 input features for the PointPillars voxel encoder. However, Autoware employs 9 pillar features for CenterPoint, in accordance with the original research paper. Therefore, we have

Reviewer 2: > 10 input features

This expression is ambiguous. What is 10 input features?

Author: @Shin-kyoto -san, Thank you, I changed the paragraph a little bit to make the documentation more clear.

Reviewer 2: @kaancolak 
Thanks! Can you move the reason why we have to make the training repository for centepoint to https://github.com/autowarefoundation/mmdetection3d ?

Author: @Shin-kyoto  -san,  I refactored the paragraph, moved the first part to the ReadMe file of the AutowareCenterPoint project, and linked with it. 

https://github.com/autowarefoundation/mmdetection3d/pull/1/files#diff-c1d68ca9b975ba79c77f68690b85862e68eecfe664a6a711d02121bf4093c0b9R1

> implementation of mmdetection3d uses 10 input features for the PointPillars voxel encoder. However, Autoware employs 9 pillar features for CenterPoint, in accordance with the original research paper. Therefore, we have

Reviewer 2: These specific change log should be written in https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdetection3d

fork the original repository and made the necessary code modifications to support the use of 9 PointPillar input features. The forked repository can be found **[here](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/mmdetection3d)**.

To train custom CenterPoint models and convert them into ONNX format for deployment in Autoware, please refer to the instructions provided in the README file included with the
**"lidar_centerpoint"** package. These instructions will provide a step-by-step guide for training CenterPoint model.

> In order to assist you with your training process, we have also included an example dataset in the Tier4 dataset format.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to assist you with your training process, we have also included an example dataset in the TIER IV dataset format.
```
